Global Dollar Network
An open network to accelerate and reward 
global stablecoin adoption
Powered by Global Dollar (USDG)
Network Partners
Global Dollar Network 
An open network to accelerate and reward global stablecoin adoption. 
Learn More
Global Dollar (USDG)
1 USDG = 1 USD. The premier global stablecoin backed by the world’s leading enterprises. 
Learn More
Revolutionize the stablecoin ecosystem with Global Dollar Network & Global Dollar (USDG)
1
Receive up to 100% of the returns generated by assets backing USDG held on your platform
Earn additional revenue for minting, acceptance and more.
2
Access a secure, global stablecoin
USDG is issued by Paxos* and compliant with the Monetary Authority’s upcoming stablecoin framework.
3
Streamline your global money movement
USDG powers seamless, low-cost,  24/7 global transfers.
4
Join a winning team of enterprises    
USDG powers Global Dollar Network, which includes partners from the world’s leading enterprises.
Learn More
Global Dollar Network partners earn more
Most stablecoin issuers keep a large portion (or all) revenue generated from reserve assets.
Partners in Global Dollar Network are the primary beneficiaries of reserve revenue and can unlock incentives based on support of USDG.
Issuer revenue
Current market
Learn More
Stablecoins are the future of money
Price stability, steady valuation and innovation that’s only possible with the blockchain
Availability
USDG is issued on Ethereum and other public permissionless blockchains approved by MAS. It is always available to users.
Accessible
 At launch, anyone with an Ethereum compatible wallet can send or receive USDG.
Speed
Sending USDG on Ethereum and other high speed networks usually takes minutes to settle, compared to potential days for fiat movements using traditional financial infrastructure.
Programmable
All transactions operate according to the rules of a smart contract, either on Ethereum following the ERC-20 protocol or on other MAS-approved protocols.
Interoperable
USDG can be used as an interoperable building block for open-source smart contracts, enabling developers to create new use-cases, products and services.
Stable
USDG is pegged to the US Dollar and is always eligible for redemption on a 1:1 basis for US dollars from Paxos*. 
"Stablecoins have been proven to offer a bridge between traditional finance and cryptocurrencies, enabling faster, lower cost and more efficient transactions. We’re pleased to support the Global Dollar Network’s efforts to expand these opportunities, which align with our commitment to making financial access easier and more inclusive."
Johann Kerbrat
GM & VP of Robinhood Crypto
Join the new frontier
Unlock benefits for your role in stablecoin adoption with Global Dollar Network & USDG.
Global Dollar Network is currently in an invite-only phase. Submit your contact information to see if you qualify and the GDN team will reach out regarding your status within 24 hours.
First Name*
Last Name*
Work Email*
Job Title*
Company Name*
Company Type*
Please Select
Please tell us more about your interest in USDG:*
Paxos needs the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For information on how to unsubscribe, as well as our privacy practices and commitment to protecting your privacy, please review our Privacy Policy.
The Network
Global Dollar
White Paper
USDG support
USDG Docs
General Terms & Conditions
USD Stablecoin Terms & Conditions
Global Dollar (USDG) is issued by XFT 
